provide a way to inject an initial metric list for the autocompletion (#134)
prometheus-community/codemirror-promql: README.md

const promQL = new PromQLExtension().activateLinter(false).activateCompletion(false) // here the linter and the autocomplete are deactivated
```

### Linter

> There is no particular configuration today for the linter. Feel free to fill an issue if you have some use cases that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no particular configuration today for the linter. Feel free to file an issue if you have some use cases that
```

> would require some configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
would require configurability.
```

### Autocompletion

> The autocompletion feature is providing multiple different parameters that can be used to adapt this lib to your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The autocompletion feature provides multiple different parameters that can be used to adapt this lib to your
```

const promQL = new PromQLExtension().setComplete({ maxMetricsMetadata: 10000 })
```

#### Connect the autocompletion extension to a remote Prometheus server

Connecting the autocompletion extension to a remote Prometheus server will provide autocompletion of metric names, label
names, and label values.

##### Use the default Prometheus client

###### Prometheus URL

If you want to use the default Prometheus client provided by this lib, you have to provide the url used to contact the
Prometheus server.

> Note: this is the only mandatory parameter in case you want to use the default prometheus client. Without this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: this is the only mandatory parameter in case you want to use the default Prometheus client. Without this
```

> parameter, the rest of the config will be ignored and the prometheus client won't be initialized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parameter, the rest of the config will be ignored and the Prometheus client won't be initialized.
```

const promQL = new PromQLExtension().setComplete({ remote: { fetchFn: myHTTPClient } })
```

###### Duration to use for looking back when retrieving metrics / labels

> If you are a bit familiar with the Prometheus API, you are aware that you have to define a time interval that is used to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are a bit familiar with the Prometheus API, you are aware that you can pass a time interval that is used to
```

(the time range paramters are optional in the Prometheus API)

> tell to Prometheus which period of time you are looking for when retrieving data (like metrics / labels).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tell to Prometheus which period of time you are looking for when retrieving metadata (like metrics / labels).
```

In case you would like to provide your own duration, you can override the variable `lookbackInterval`. By default, the

> value is `12 * 60 * 60 * 1000` (12h). The value must be defined in **millisecond**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
value is `12 * 60 * 60 * 1000` (12h). The value must be defined in **milliseconds**.
```

const promQL = new PromQLExtension().setComplete({ remote: { httpErrorHandler: (error: any) => console.error(error) } })
```

###### Cache

The default client has an embedded cache that is used to store the different metrics and labels retrieved from a remote
Prometheus server.

> ###### # Max Age

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Max Age
```

The data are stored in the cache for a limited amount of time defined by the variable `maxAge` which is by default 5

> minutes. The value must be defined in `millisecond`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
minutes. The value must be defined in `milliseconds`
```

```typescript
const promQL = new PromQLExtension().setComplete({ remote: { cache: { maxAge: 5 * 60 * 1000 } } })
```

> ###### # Initial Metric List

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Initial Metric List
```

> The cache be initialized with a list of metrics name. It is useful when you already have a way to retrieve the list of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cache can be initialized with a list of metrics name. It is useful when you already have the list of
```

> the metrics somewhere else in your application, and you would like to share this list with the embedded prometheus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the metrics somewhere else in your application, and you would like to share this list with the embedded Prometheus
```

> client of `codemirror-promql`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
client of `codemirror-promql`.
```

> Note: keep in mind that this list will be kept into the embedded prometheus client until the time defined by `maxAge`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: keep in mind that this list will be kept in the embedded Prometheus client until the time defined by `maxAge`.
```
